Why are you afraid that I will be angry?
Hmm squat down
Are you going to hit me?
I'll do it myself
Don't hurt your hand
My husband is a billionaire
It's too late for me to be happy, why should I be angry?
Let's go home. Let's go
Hey
Isn't today the signing meeting between the Song family and the Fang family?
Where are the Song family?
What about Fang's family?
If I hadn't known that Brother Yan Cheng was back
I am the eldest lady of the Zhou family
How could Baba run over?
Invited by the signing party and dare to let go of my pigeons
Song Mingzhu
So hard
My wife has a surprise for you
See if you like it or not.
This is a company you want to send me.
Didn't you leave?
You are so talented
I bought a company
Just for you to play with
I have already informed the company's senior management in advance
Let them give Mrs.
Throw a grand welcome ceremony
I can go to the company.
But the welcome ceremony can't be fixed. Okay?
I can't wait to join the company
Director Ji
I bought the flowers you want. Tell me
Director
It's not good for the lady to send a bunch of flowers on her first day on the job
Hey, Special Assistant Gao asked to cancel Welcome Night
I can only prepare a bunch of flowers, yeah?
Madam is coming soon
You two come with me to meet the lady
Welcome Madam to St. Cloud
low key
Madam finally waited for you, aren't you here?
There's a second one inside.